I hope not either. you have to much class for that!
A region of any kind owes no one anything, even if its a region you do and or dont like.
i mean you are basically saying DO WHAT WE SAY CAUSE YOU GOT CAUGHT PULLING A MOVE WE WOULD PULL TO!
This is that thought pattern of Ill do what you did but we are "morally" correct cause its my side.
No one ever wins a war - Eragol
On what ground can you say this?
Have you now or ever been a frog? what if your waters do turn frogs homosexual?
A whole lot of useless regions trying to stay relevant.
Next
Toms back?
No.... Another failed hydra.
Well yeah, but I don't think the chickenhawks are losing much sleep even the new crop of leadership knows thats how raiding goes. Same as defenders wuth their loses.
Tge game is a cycle of emotions.
Sure, when yours goes with his
Toads approves.
My mom is the best.. Go Yuns!
And tep too
OMG thought balder was dead.
serz tho congrats on the hard work baldies!
Funk, is allowed to do P.R again.. *noms on popcorn and mochi*
This should be fer realz funzy.
Ya dont have to ruin my joy. Syl... I knew what it said. I didnt mistype.
So youre recruitig ex spsf memebers?
Hope it dies off, because that's easier then having to justify recent accords and not get egg on face. Blader and osiris can risk that play but twp is in a tight spot from my view.
Went from can't even to logic fast... Must be an idiot savant. Im honored to have finally met one
Congrats. Old home meets new home.
You meannnn like that deep state!!! Oh noes.
Not the they and them!!!!
Did you just yeet?
Is this what youve become... Without me... Ponders asking for my ban to be repealed.
Easy fix. Ban r and d.
Wow, they try and bark tough.. But I see cute little puppy wolves with their betas in tow.
The laz coup that both sides bumbled.. And now its making Ike look good.
Sad!
O Laz, where is thy sting? O Laz, where is thy victory?
I agree all hail ME!
I heart sygs squeal.
Rach is prob trolling.
Knowing balder.
now this rivalry Is great. I love it.
May the force be with you.
Shut up tim, this is great.
Good job guys.
Leave this hell, follow toads.
Aw escade doin werk
You go gurl.
Oh so true.
TGW is wildin'out congrats for the swerve.
Pfft never koth.
Shut up jone.
Hifives kid. Toads is here fer ya.
The op is wrong.
Its a constitutional Republic. Not a democratic republic.
Is it just mean or has this new season been fantastic?
I love the cliffhanging and well atleast for me I cant guess all the plot points as easy as I could with 11th.
I am enjoying Peter as The Doctor.
And that means little coming from you.. So... Scurry away children group ups are game playing.
It just looks like salt on my end, so i see no issues other then a bunch of mad gpers who got outsmarted playing a game running around spoutingspouting a fictional phrase hoping that will stop a region whos never really cared about their image in gp.
I was in a private chat and they made the point of you being anti block now your backing off block. Seems convient from my point of view to mock this whole thing being a cluster of a pr stand point.. But then again you seem to like waving flags higher than anyone so please continue its amusing to see you and TBH (the most feared raider group and basically the leaders of Osiris) bang your fists and reeee that you were out maneuvered by irrelevant and inactives.
Again, I see no issues if your stance of they used block.. Then you turn around and say well blocks ok in this area. But the npo cant use him!!!!
I thought Block was the issue.. wait.. no that changed.
I think the salt lick is getting smaller someone get a new one for GP.
isnt propaganda all we truly have when you boil ns down to its core?
Reality. Is the npo going to ban perg no. They have no reason too. They don't have to because everyone says to they dont answer to you the only thing the enemies of the npo can do is hope changes comes or try and cut down Ale's 175k plis influence and coup.
The npo has a greay in-house propaganda machine most npoers dont go to gp. They dont care about what other regions want they are happy there.. Everyone can hate the npo but the npo wont and will not care. I mean, whos to say in six Weeks ale and perg wont be back in power and gp on to the new shiny drama... Thats what gp does. Its got such a short attention span the npo regime knows and has weathered the same thing 5 years ago when I started in the npo. Thats what they do. They are under no obligation to listen to anyone since everyone pulled what little leverage there was now they will just prepare for a seige and see who blinks first. Its rational and reasonable.
So the you broke the treaty and now you owe us something is not going to work in any place since theyve been there done that...
Im banned from the npo for violation of their sedition laws
Yes, thats called the risks of treaty signing. You dont get to make demands if the treaty is broken. Its perfectly logical. You have to weigh risk vs reward. Im unsure how you think tsp gets to tell a region who to or not to ban. Because they were taken advantage of.. If wars the consequence ok. But the npo or any region has any obligation to listen anymore.
You clearly don't understand the point of what I am saying.
Also I'm no lover of the npo.. But congrats on wasting time to type like a 90s kid. High marks for avoiding that when you want to tear up a contract then say because i did this you have to comply with what I want even tho we are no long allies. I forget how gp overlooks logic for awesome sounding words.
I demand cookies and millions of dollars from tsp.
I love how you absolve a treaty and then demand things.
Its a great move from a place of power.
Its nationstates.. Someone will always think that paranoia here is like second hat.
No, I am saying they dont have to issue a statement you like just because you hound them to, they dont have to make a statement competent or satirical. You are basically hitting a brick wall with a pen saying make a better statement... I dont ever recalling there was a galactic law saying they owe GP or anyone anything. I could care less what happens In or To any region. well... thats not truth as I have always called an end to raiding and defending but.. that point is moot.
Its funny how souls acts like this then whines like a child when he is on the getting end of the salt..
Why does anyone think anything in nationstates. We jusy rehash the same drama every time... Nothing really changes but regions and nations invinvolved.
To be fair Ivan resigned then came back, to assume they wont just hand the position of then give it back when this blows over is naive. Adding with gps need for the new shiny drama.
Yeah... But hes not wrong and agreeing with glen makes.me sick if thats all you type out. Its spam chants. I am against those they offer nothing to the thread.
Huh... Osiris still exists.
Jk jk jk.
I wonder how this will bolster all you sinkers in uniting in war.. I know the answer but a tadpole can dream.
Welp I tried, But extremes in war happen. Ill just attack them with wa endorsments.
Once the drama is over the sizzle loses luster. I mean.... How many dramatic filled weekends show fun signs ahead then a 180 degree turn and gp is tossed to boredom
And y'all wondered why Toads felt queasy in his later days.
Perg and Ale should be removed from nationstates with a dos.
I nsgp i gave warnings. The npo leaders tried to get me banned for these actions.
Jusy saying. A Prophet is without honor in his hometown
Not really, I have been on and off Nation states from 2003. I always take breaks and retire.
A bit late to the party and finally got to the article but Congrats PS2!
you are a great ns'er in toads eyes.
they just loook identical for giggles..
nice to see laz's P.R department is still in need of help.
if you keep saying it over and over and over... it will come true.
So its a TWp flag or a LWU or laz flag...? is there a difference these days with them?
Aw good workings kids.
Nice theme
what are you thoughts on endorsing known TEP and TWP puppets?
This whole thread makes me laugh after what I just saw.
Welcome to the first, last and only news from TNN.

3 years and 224 days ago, I joined NationStates, I had been around since 2003 when I was told about it from a radio interview. So me and two or three of my brothers made nations made a region because, Who wanted to be a feederite with you crazies. They soon forgot about the site, but me I always remembered in the back of my mind and I would come and go...
Until one fateful day after a lot of real life drama, I needed an escape and returned to become a very known NPO member, then met the pink one known as Yuno and it opened my eyes to a new way to play the game. With real life looming and breaking ties with the NPO, I wandered the N.S landscape learning, understanding and befriending a lot of people but not all of them befriending me and then I had to leave to finally deal with some life stuff.
After I fixed all that I had to my triumphant return, Toads Mafia the grand plan to take the game by storm make a family become great and have fame and then turn it over to my second in command and watch them shine. Sadly, after months of planning and getting closer to launching the region, I realized this wasn't what I really wanted. This game isn't for all, those that want to be successful at it I have seen all they have dumped into it. I do not have that time or effort anymore.
But closing the mafia down was the best thing so I did then I was recruited to move to the rejected realms, and out of boredom I did. I dont regret it but I also had been trying to find where I fit what, I wanted or did I still want to be here. Days of thinking and planning I have finally decided that there is nothing left here for me, I read gameplay and chuckle mostly, I do regional work and I lack the passion for it. I chat and all I want to do is be somewhere else.
Twilight has fallen, I dont regret my time here. I had a great almost four years, I could spend hours listing all the people that helped me grow and change and learn new ways to look at life. Thats who toads is its why the Npo will always be special. The amount of personal time I spent making non-automated TG's learning the people not just directing people to forums. It was great it was all great, from the trolling and making people annoyed to the heartfelt friendships, to the people that took time to mentor me and help me navigate.
But the time has come to lay this persona of toad down, and to pick up who I really am and go live life. I have no drama, I have no pressing needs, I could stay but if there is one think Michael Jordon or Kobe Bryant never did was go out on top. This is me going out on the top of my game, am I a big fish, hell no. Did I make an impact... I doubt it but what I have done is learn and become a better me and if thats not a better reward then you are playing this game incorrectly because spoiler, you cant win in a text based game that has no end.
So for all those that like me, Thank you.
and for all those that dislike me, Thank you.
Toads had fun, I have a personal discord server. I have a lot of the closer kids I met in it if I missed you hit me up and I'll figure out if we were.
Toads out, Good Day NationStates.
Breaking News: Syg is going to take over ns with roavin!
Thank you mod. That's what ive been saying.
Meh. To much of that on both sides is like that cartoon where they keep sending the guy to the other window the problem with that is all sides are why this happened not just one. Man up and work things out. Cant we all just get along. (if that goes over your head. Shame)
I see blame shifting to one side... A sentence gets a paragraph of saying the buck stops over there.
I am not sure, if this game has destroyed rational thought or something else.
Also ps2. Well done. Brava
Doesnt spsf raid with lily? Im confused. Their reports have spsf in them.
I mean if you dont care whats said why are you so passionate about telling escade shes inanae and meaningless? I mean thats kinda silly saying you dont care then posting what looks like you do care.
Cool seeing raidering being out there.
Congrats.
Toads will stand with you if red pandas are harmed.
We enjoy red pandas and racoons.
We toads will remain neutral for now.
But will keep an eye on this.
Are you going to cry when the irom order topples your former kingdom?
Ivan, why did you control all of n.s as leader of the npo?
Why would you be a socialist leftist?
Theybare referring to the 2013 milo coup of laz.
They mean milos coup in 2013. The telegram says as much.
I am well ahead of my time
Now you see why I had to leave the NPO, I saw the signs of this ebil.... WHY NPO WHY!
WAIT WAT WAIT!
So it is true, TGW is puppeting TSP whilst working with TBH... This is spicy.
Yeah. I sadly sadly agree with tim.
Good thing for you, I see through the games.
If its the one I have in mind, it grew thin.
No, not at all.
I sense a plot to take over the world....
This poll is silly and there are only left choices here.
Wow...
Id like to see your proof of sour grapes, Since you brought it up.
So you admit to being part of the defender conspiracy?
who is Balder again?
It might be a misunderstanding, I read it and just said tim being tim.
But as you told me earlier today, every one plays a different game.
Why do we park on driveways and drive on parkways?
Why do birds appear everytime you are near?
How can a package of cookies read, "Brand new Grandmas old fashion cookies" how can they be old fashion if they are brand new?
The last paragraph is the definition of a joke. A offensive joke is still a joke. Can you not see that?
Your "chat logs" were flimsy, and showed a lot of reasonable doubt, laz laws mean nothing to me. Because both sides violated them.
The Npo is stupod for having long leashes but nothing any other region hasn't done.
Ive not picked a side because no one is showing me how this isnt just two sides trying to do the same thing.
Ironic coming from you still waiting for all your real proof as well...
Im sure you have that in the hopper still right?
yes, how dare they do that!
Then it should be banned from have a link on NS, we must think of the men, women children and TOADS that this will hurt.
Blanket banning is the only way forward with out such there is chaos.
NOW, granted that never has worked anywhere ever in the history of any known intelligent life form. I submit this post a humor and a big
WOOOOOOW, to see the advocation of blanket banning on things that are helpful and used but countless people.
yes, how dare they do that!
Or maybe it went over your head?
I mean you seem very non humorous when I read your paragraphs. Perhaps you just didnt get the humor?
Odds on that working out are, what?
because I will take them.
the reports are cool and all, but I come for excades gif game. Which is on point
we are all puppets of something or someone... Don';t try and deny this!
(my apologies then to the non puppet I called a puppet)
not everyone. I dont raid or defend, I would say the same saying TBH is the raider equivalent in a reversed case. I mean, a puppet coming out and making crazy theories are crazy. If its defender raider or Rahl or GCR and UCR.
Crazy is crazy, by another name it goes by.
TGW controls everyone.
because we say it, show no real evidence to any one more than you dislike TGW.
I an neutral in this and I laugh at the craziness you imply. Show me something more then, "if you cant see it.." are we in 2nd grade again.
Its the equivalent of I am rubber you're glue.
I see the TGW Illuminati bilderburg global domination Theory isn't dying anytime soon.
Wow as former npo..
Wow this is great reading.
Nice to see some npoers on gp.
Also wow. This is great. The drama of allies going their own way
That's why we love you. You blindside us then leave.
Mall for president
TBH is putting work in yay.
But to be fair that picture confuses me.
Wow, wow, and wow....
Nit sure if I should clap or boo. Im in shock.
I can change that.
KoGB needs to show more then just ousting don, they need serious repairs.
I mean the dragging of TWP in to a conflict. Makes it hard to just be friends again. No, KoGB has to heap treasures of gold at a lot of feet or some manner of consequence.
And jews.
Yeah... But youre old and jaded and know what happens. The new kids its a fire to a dream.
Ivan should mod. It would be nice to not have to debate you and have to think so hard to try and keep step.
Haven't they done that like twice already?
Must be a bad problem to have...
I take a break for 36 hours... And gameplay goes crazy.
What.. Its a shocking wonder KoGB has had the issues it has had, crazy logs tho.
Will wonder where this goes.
I could I was being tounge in cheek. Your views on nationstates is kind of unimportant to me.
But it was more said about him than him saying it unless it was a joking manner, its a silly term but so is most of whats done in this place. Only a few things matter and those are over looked as far as Toads mafia can tell.
Didn't Tom start that with the term raidfenda. At least thats who I first heard about it from. Im still newish.
They arent? Or is Tgw the new empire?
Well, not all battles are victorys. Some teach lessons.
Next time you'll get it. Congrats.
Alot has happened in the last month or so, with mods and gameplay.
Toads being the voice of reason most times. Its harrowing what its becoming.
theres a technical thread about this I've heard the rumblings of this on NSGP discord, I dont think it was all you.
the spam issue has been exploding in mods inboxes laz is that last straw on the back of the donkey.
Ya know, I was thinking of something but couldn't find it... But you are correct.
Recapping as only toads can, get ready.
Funk and kitty kat are now dog piling ike, which is clever because fp isnt fond of ike. But to neutrals like myself it looks sad and kind of like bully tactics. Which Cool, but i kinda dislike bullies. When I was a kid people tried to bully me and you know what they didn't realize that I am crazy.
See crazy trumps bullying dog piling and frankly crazy wins wars. Am I pickijgpicking a side no.. Sinkers arent worth the hassle, am i for "the revolt" (that what we're calling it now, which is funny because theres a way to kill this but the lack of observaning it is funny to me, but im not wearing the rose colored glasses) no I am not ever joining it
So youre caught up rehashed words and phrases, because one side that has the cards is playing the wrong ones. The revolt is playing sillier ones.
And somehow its all tsp and tgw and roavins new unibot collusion which baffles me because that evidence is weaker then the never surfaced evidence both sides promised. IveIve been lied to and bored by countless circling debates.
Laz never change. Because you bring activities but not the good kind.
Congrats to the winner and good work to those who took the time to Champaign its never easy and its hard but passion and will are commendable traits.
Toads mafia is happy to see the results.
I am sure they are making a connotation of your opinion of what their regions should do, y'all trifling folks. Its cute in that way a grade b horror flick is, you start watching its interesting then it just becomes a train wreck and you're left with that, I wasted 90 minutes of my life on a crappy slasher movie
Everything has a season, The West Pacific is always close to our hearts in toads mafia.
May you prosper in your future endeavors.
Aw, I am touched I have been graced with such and honor. It truly means alot coming from you. :)
But this "month" feels like those slow day in the heat when your a/c is broken and your pet wants to sit on your lap...
I do agree about the propagandist. so high five.
Now there's the reason I long for.
Interesting, reads so far. Still nothing more then vague posturings and finger pointing.
I do not believe one person is shocked by this, at all.
Congrats TRE.
Wait so the grey Warden's arent the Illuminati of ns?
Id like to remind everyone in Gameplay, think about the whole of your posts.
Think more than you type.
Also. Thank you muchly for this.
So after telling the npo they sweep things under the rug, nakari's post you will sweep because it doesn't fit your narrative.. Try and aleast dont do what you accuse others in the very next paragraph. Come on, now.
Ah the tides of on topic reason and logical thought have shifted to the silly inane ramblings of off topic where you stand in the gobality of ns.
Ya know guys. If you maximize yiur thought and minimize your posts more will get done and thats coming from toads.
As neither pro laz or pro rebels, I am saying we dont need more laz threads. This is turn into the same as the others. It will fall in to the inane level of arguing that it already has.
Congrats gameplay. Congrats
I've never heard it in my three years in the Npo, but I never saw everywhere.
Oh ike don't make my guns turn towards you yet.... Im trying to be nice. But its totally true.
I don't see it as a misunderstanding, I am bad at this typing my thoughts out and you did address the gist of what I was basically saying. I am new to typing out serious banter, It's easier for me to say what I mean then typing it. I am working on this its why I am slower to post in here with you folks, I tread lightly and try not to look as newbish as possible.
I am by no means saying that, I was merely pointing out the phrase. "police our policers." (edited for the context not the exactness)
Does not prove to be that perfect of a statement, I am like I said playing devils advocate. All my dealings with the Hawks on forums and discord have been fine, I mean I've have a troll reputation so at times its been my fault to which I will admit is on my actions. But I have never seen such a well oiled machine in a while. I does tend to make me curious about inner workings but I dont hold TBH to manipulation thats a far reaching gesture by those that are clearly bias, in my view. I would see that on par with saying everything is TGW conspiracy.
But there is a toeing of a party line for all regions and r/d one could say, I mean I was in the NPO and I was aware when my actions harmed the region and I was talked to about that and I believe that is needed and I am sure thats the only thing the NPO and TBH have know where the line is and what happens if you step over. But like ive stated I am just playing devils advocate not accusing TBH because I respect Jakker and Sygian a lot as they have over looked my past and taken the time to learn and understand how I wiggle through n.s as it were, there are some that wont take the time in N.S to deal with a reforming troll.
I do thank you for your discourse it is a welcome sight.
The policers, police themselves?
Yeah, it tells me that anything can happen. There is a reason the police have the bureau of internal affairs, but then who watches the watchmen.
I am not sayin the Hawks arent well policed, they seem to be.. or they are just have shorter leashes. As a total neutral party hearing something that sounds like we make sure we keep our own in line... It's not as comforting as you'd think even if that is the best way but I am just playing devils advocate not implying you hawks aren't well behaved. Which I have noticed the Hawks do a good job of staying on topic unless they sadly swoop to take bait on that odd human moment. my thoughts, for what they are worth.
Of course you'd say that!
but on a serious note, I see this blame tgw or defender conspiracy is just as beaten of a horse as this notion of laz was a coup/invasion. I sit on the sidelines and see two sides with meh below average propaganda machines and a ton of bickering with little to no proof or the proof that was show is a reach for either side. It grows tiring with adding these even for more far fetched ideals. That the wardens are behind it, and if it is they have a bad way to propagandize it and they should hire a competent propagandist.
Edit: grammer
I think hes advertising for his region but not one of the hosts, so like a word of mouth about what his region is doing.
Dunno, Louis Is a god...
But congrats on the success.
I am glad I wasn't the only one that saw this.
Aw, don't be like that. the more people talk the more confused they get.
It went from a coup to an invasion to a civil war. Laz, doesnt even know what laz is anymore.
Wardens came out to play on minor. Congrats.
By stop RL you mean not watch GoT?
Its an invasion but one of the three called it a civil war...
Im confused, is it invasion coup or civil war?
Poems hurt my brain but that aside.
Congrats. chickenHawks!!
May more successful raids forthcome.
What fun would GP be if we didnt find an inane reason to complain!!
Yeah. Like Egyptian mythology. There's one thats never used. *sarcasm font*
Congrats romans.
Toads likes lulcats but can there be a lultoads?
So, I wasn't the only one saying this in my head then.
I am unsure where this thread will go next its like that car crash you don't want to look away from but know youre holding up traffic by being a lookieloo.
Toads was live.
The knowledge followed, get the news from an unbias source with a sassy side.
Would also like to thank taco bueno for sponsoring such a diverse and captivating show.
This just confirms Laz is basically wrapped up.
If the resistence had a heart beat, its fading so fast.
I can not imagine this lasting much longer.
I've been here a few months and I am still where you are, but it sounds right.
Toads was live.
The knowledge followed, get the news from an unbias source with a sassy side.
Would also like to thank taco bueno for sponsoring such a diverse and captivating show.
This just confirms Laz is basically wrapped up.
If the resistence had a heart beat, its fading so fast.
I can not imagine this lasting much longer.
I've been here a few months and I am still where you are, but it sounds right.
I waited like 24 hours to post on this latest "news" and I am as unsure now as I was then. Is this real or mocking, and/or a joke...
Rahl really?
I just can not take this laz situation serious anymore.
The best battles are the ones you win, Congrats TBH.
Here I thought NS was all about fighting off the evil Feederites*
Fixed the typo in that last post.
So many people have tunnel vision or only one sided veiw of this.
Its like badger said on discord. There is more than just the debates and raid reports on that forum.
The raidercon defendercon the world fair you can recruit you can do so much but instead. Automatically. Its my ip will be used as a weapon.
Moderation is iffy. Im new so ive stayed away from this, but the posting its just these "elites" dig piling I've seen kids pile on cormac for being cormac not his posts. But for being his gameplay in the past which yes it has a place but every thread attacking what hes done.
It pains me but cormacs done a lot for gp, his debates with ivan were where I learned to model my game. Did they use snark yes. But no where near the crap cormac puts up with. Its not just him hes just a recent example.
Im for it but frankly gp's vision is not seeing the whole picture only the one or the few detractors. Which will be ironed out. Its not like tomorrow they'll throw up a forum. Long term thinking is needed. But its not here sans a handful of people.
This is my first time seeing this, congrats to those who made it here. Its not an path or a fun one all the times. But respect to them. Even ive my opinions of raiding are what they are, hall of fames are fun.
Also, if one doesnt have time, griping about things even if we dont like it we should respect it. Jakker isnt at least to my knowledge a dirty player when most in the organization dont really take to me, he takes the time to ask questions and get to know me. In this game thats respectable.
And from what i know of gest. Its a can of worms so dragging his feet is understandable, is that bad sure but hey. I wouldn't wanna deal with the headache and if you were honest with yourself you really wouldn't either.
When did what cormac implied become about misogynist?
cormac is saying they can say and do what they want in gameplay, no matter the stance of the IC government.
You missed my debutt. Zao.
I haven't answered an issues in years.
It's a good cartoon.
circle tool or not I like the ball cartoon
wow, tgw congrats on the update success.
I like it todd, but I am a no one here.
I tend to get banned from ns weddings anyway.
I might actually support this, I have to think about it.
I am semi W.A locked, but I can put that on hold if I want.
Souls to serious! Naaaaaww not the souls i know.
TBH has been putting that work in. Dang.
Bravo.
Nicely done.
Great. Awesome love.
Oh lordie, please no. Do we not have enough already?
Is there a make toads a mod for a day program I can sign up for?
or a mod ride along?
Its for science!
I was going to but I was kicked from rahl for asking what it was... so I refused until now to acknowledge it exists.
Just this one, or does this stand out the most?
I had to quell my laughter as my boss was in my office when I read this... slow golf clap for this.
Hiding behind puppets is to make a point they are afraid of making on their main because of the political backfire they will get.
I have noticed a few mains accidentally use their puppets or people who use their puppets and sign their names.
Puppetry is to shift the view off the person and to a topic but mostly seen as hiding.
There are others who use a puppet to troll like a 5 year old. But they arent worth my time.
Its not even good parody or trolling at this point.
Thanks. I was actually goimg to say this. Thank you.
Monarchy. Being seen as not a real king... Europe is calling, history being our guide most of the time this lead to war.. Currently we are in a war... Historys famous turnabout.
Hey, I could fill that spot!
I did it earlier. I didnt type random i just put a random page number in on the top list thingy and clicked on a nation and sent them a positive message. Ill try and do it as often as I can.
Even if they don't reply, it feels cool to wish them luck on their nation.
I did it earlier. I didnt type random i just put a random page number in on the top list thingy and clicked on a nation and sent them a positive message. Ill try and do it as often as I can.
Even if they don't reply, it feels cool to wish them luck on their nation.
I respectfully agree with cormac.
A nation can dream can't it?
Awesome idea.
Ill have to try it!
Roavin, wins the internet with calvin and Hobbes.
Congrats. I love the strip.
Also this stuff has gone quiet has that mean that both sides admit the foolishness this had become?
Batman is that you???
Please remind whomever to publish this weeks for us who cant listen live. Gcrs are active. And im Curious!
Long live unbias news!
Congrats.
Look at kyo putting in work.
There are some great raid reports and defender reports.
Rach is amazing. Long live Rach.
Congratulations are in order.
Even my scorecard needs a score card now.
In a travel mug.
I hope so as well. I've heard Nice things about LKE.
Then I humbly apologize to all of gp. For my actions, i was completely wrong and I will have to accept this, mistake.
My biggest flaw is that I forget that rational for everyone isn't the same and this game is fluid for all. I have passion and have never strayed from speaking my mind. Even If my foot lands in my mouth. Making mistakes and learning from them is what I do best. Again I am apologetic.
But I do also agree with cormac about pergamon and ark. But again I have no idea what went on behind the scenes so speculative conjecture. But isnt that politics..
it's called being courtous for a set time to show respect and honor. I have no problem with politics in the game i have been using since around the same time Ivan started.
But questioning him has he clearly stated why he left and his voice to turn it in to a show of prove my point could be set aside for a day could it not? Hasn't gameplay enough time to devel into the merits said in twenty-four hours and it still be just as valid? Or does your respect and courtesy end after one post?
Maybe I see it differently. I dont see it as a joyful thing its sad Ivan leaving is a void hate him love him he has done a lot and that honor he earned. I would ask users to do the same for you koth or other long playong users, I've been following for years. Its not tge people I'm against its the actions. Let him have a moment then we can get back to arguing about the npo. Which im no fan of the current situation of it i get he didnt make a retirement thread but that's ivan hes not that guy.
Zao is right. Im too rational but asking for dignity for a but to honor someone shouldnt be that much to ask. But Hey, I just one person using his opinion just like you using yours. I accept what you say i get it, i understand it. I do. I also got koths point.
I am someone that took to get to know Ivan as much as possible outside gp and the npo pick his brain. So my bias is fueling this and its my fault but thats on me. I will gladly accept my bias vision.
Christ almighty, Look at you people.
This is amazing. The moral high ground standing and high horse riding is a joke.
I've see. Some crazy stuff in gameplay but this crap takes the cake.
Grow up kids. Ivan left and everyone is making it their goal to prove over hashed points and hyperbolix banter thats not worth addressing just once can someone who was an amazing player like him or not have a little dignity and respect for 24 hours.
This is a game but sounds more like middle school drama. If you want to know what kills the passion for this game it needs.no futher glance then this thread since Ivan's post.
When toads is the voice of reason we past the cliff of sanity ages ago.
Jakker, congrats on doing you.
Also, inventive to go on TBH turf. I can't tiuch rauderraider or defender ground. Im still pure. But knowing TBH and their creative sides it was fitting for you.
Ivan you have my respect my gratitude for always giving me a second chance.
Greener pastures and sunny days are in your future. You have been a great nser.
Shalom my friend.
A nation of 9 billion and you're still so naive as to how the game really is played.
Everything in ns has a purpose. You just have not seen it.
I have to hid my goodies brun is back!
A lot whooshes over his head, I was grateful for the humor.
Because my three years there and asking the nations of the npo what francoism is and most of them other than the senate and delegate are the only ones that truly care that francoism exists, I mean how deep do you want me to go. I spent my three years working from a pleb to a forum governor and seeing "the most successful" be nothing more than A place that was mostly inactive until a few of us plebs took to the point of making the rmb actually active while the only major work I saw was Ivan try and recover the reputation after the Laz fiasco. Senators attacking me for questioning basic rules that harm progress. I mean this isnt the place for me to dump inner workings of how things are in the NPO but your struggle about my experience is valid but means little when I have knowledge you do not. I dont wish death to the region I wished progress and A move out of a system that limits certain things my brand/ideas/vision would help. I know I am young in this game but I have done more then most thought I would in my time there. You can say I lack respect of it and I will never begrudge anyone of thier perceived views on my opinions but if i hadnt needed to break away from ns and the region to fix things in my life, I would be there trying to push for change. People assume that because francoism was great for a while doesnt mean it doesnt need to be tweaked. no piece of legislation can exist for to long before it needs to be improved upon, I believe the NPO needs a new vision. Thats not disrespectful, disrespectful would be flaming this post with my grievances in hopes to further my play in this game. I refuse to use I am new as an excuse for my "death to francoism" but I should have been more tactful in saying death to this version and adapt a better version. Again, this is my view, Am I wrong? Sure. I admit I could be but that doesnt change the stance I am taking. I believe Ivan and Ale need to pull the slack out of over zealous citizens.
Maybe they have... Maybe they haven't..
Disagreeing about francoism then saying I have no respect for the NPO is funny. I don't feel the need to justify more of my opinion to you.
Then it all comes down to the interruption of the the laws that form the democracy, its why I don't see the point of trying to compare democratic states but then again if you don't compare you really have no need for discussion. The sticky wickets, abound.
YAY, more crazy unbias and best reporting in ns
Flimsy, doesnt even begin to describe that as a position with that line of thinking.
I never pictured you as basiv syg :(
Also some of those sounded more playful than his true feelings on a region. Come on if you're going to argue his intent try not starting with somethinh as visable as sarcasm.
Or you could just tell better jokes. Please, as polish jew I dont mind jew jokes as long as they are funny.
I just was curious, I read through most of these threads yesterday and you always have insights. I didn't want my brain to twist your words and bend the thread for six pages of nonsense. Thank you.
Are you implying guilt but association?
or that theres a shadowy link between those involved and where they are from?
Maybe they were busy, Raiding and promoting.
I would like to add it looks that way for the whole of the governing body, from my point of view.
As an outsider and completely neutral party, I am skecptical of screen shots that look cut and pasted together it eliminates context.
Again if its exactly as shown then cool, im not saying im for the other side they still have shown just as little proof.
I mean right now to me, it just looks like a leader and senate (or whatever its called forgive me) that are at odds with eachother and there is no coup just both sides trying to gain the power. Again, I am new to the international scene and gp but I am saying what I like a lot of others are thinking. if not I still think both sides need/ed to show more. Which I hope does come out in time.
I wish I have had their experience at times, especially after reading gameplay at times.
I quite agree I was not back when this thread started and I went back and read and about half way through I was like when did this stop being about the OP... and more what was, I mean thats how some of these threads go but still. It gets less fun to watch and read and want to start partaking.
But Lazarus has been the new place to go to from what I view as a newer player outside of my old npo views, I was not a big player when Osiris was being Osiris or balder or TEP or the other coups.
But a few days ago I joked about this and I meant it as A joke but it was not actually a joke, I just goes these coups are a occurance for players when it seems like they need to fuel one aspect of their game/agenda. I know some coups or vote importing is done for the lulz and stuff and I have never been a big R/D fan and I never will but this is A political simulation coups happen and yes I get butthurtness will ensue because of all the work put into a region. I did a lot for the region I came from people from their will say and yes, it sucks watching the work fade and basically get forgotten but this salty rehashing fails to do more then rehash history which isn't being learned from, Delegates and their underlings aren't to be trusted. If you cant trust your IRL government why do you expect trust from nationstates user?
Lazarus citizens and allies need to stand up and do what they can, yes. I get that the scales are tipped unfairly in one direction but If you want security why entrust someone else for It. They only way you can be secure is if you change the state quo. In my opinion. I'm newer at this political non trolling side. apologies for my spelling and grammar errors, typing is not my strong suit.
I see my joke of coup laz was timely...
And to think I knew nothing of the political climate when I made it.
I don't think rehashing the age old Francoism debate has changed. Francoism is a joke it needs to be done away with.
Also these articles are great I love the content.
Viva la cosa nostra
I like the image updates.
But Hey, I am the lone wanderer here.
Might I suggest using them as the only places that can be raided and defended to finally eliminate the impure act of r/d in the game?
True. But then I cant complain.
Oh, I will have to disagree. Its a great theme... BUT MY EYES!
Brother heard about Mr. Max Berry on a radio morning show back in 2002 or 03.
my brothers and myself started nations and a region, They cte'd I stuck around coming back here and there.
Congrats, on yoyr success. Now my eyes need adjusting from the pretty.
Good job out there.
We still love you Roavin.
Wow. That was like I was right there in the actions.
Congrats to TGW
I am against any law that wont let me arrest anyone guilty or innocent.
people dont need justice they need to fear me!
I am aware but the more you talk about its flaws the more power I have as ruler the happier I am. i do not believe my country needs to have their own minds I am the lone voice of reason so I love this law.
I'd pass it just to keep my people in fear of My standings AGAINST THE INTERNET. It is banned so there fore any use of it is a crime!





















































































